Amazing work.
You made it to the end of the course and you're ready to tackle your final project.
First, let's recap together what we learned today.
We first learned about the FDA's risk categories and
how these help in framing your intended use and indications for use statements.
We then discussed algorithmic limitations and
how the FDA monitors new limitations that arise after your device is released.
Next, we discussed precision,
recall and their trade-offs.
Finally, we talked about how to create a validation plan for the FDA.
As I said at the beginning of this lesson,
the material here is some of the most challenging,
but also some of the most important to learn for
data scientists who really want to be translational scientists.
What you learned here about the FDA and the regulatory process
should really reshape the way that you approach deep learning,
if your intention is to create tools for real people to use in the wild.
I really appreciate everybody coming on this journey with me through this whole course.
I know everyone started from a different place with a different background,
but I hope that you all have a really,
really good understanding now of AI for 2D imaging.
I'm really excited to see what your final projects are,
so thanks again for joining me. Bye.